Hey everyone.
Welcome back to Movie Recap.
TodayI'm gonna show you a movie called,
Evil Dead.
It is a 2013 American supernatural horror film
directed by Federico lvarez, and produced by Robert Tapert,
Sam Raimi, and Bruce Campbell.
The movie is about five friends head to a remote cabin,
where the discovery of a "Book of the Dead"
leads them to unwittingly summon up demons living in the nearby woods.
Let s start...!
The film starts with a young woman walkingthrough the woods.
She's dripping with blood.
A figure stalks her and eventually jumps her,
throwing a bag over her head
and having his redneck buddy whack her with the butt of his axe.
The woman wakes up in a cellar
in the presence of a woman who speaks only Welsh,
and she'ssurrounded by what appear to be burn victims.
The young woman's father appears before her.
Sheasks for her mother, and the father tells her that she killed her mother.
The old womanhurries the father to kill his daughter,
and so he douses her with gas as she pleads withhim.
Before he can strike a match,
the young woman tells him she will eat his soul.
Her eyes turnyellow, and as the father drops the match,
she appears demonic and starts thrashing.
The fatherraises a shotgun, tells her he loves her,
and then blasts her head clean off her shoulders.
Sometime later, a car is driving to a quiet part of the woods where a cabin is.
We meet David,his girlfriend Natalie, and their friends Olivia,
who is a nurse, and Eric.
Olivia tells David hissister Mia is waiting for him in the back.
David finds Mia, sitting on an old broken down1973 Olds Delta 88,
smoking a cigarette while drawing.
He tells her she looks beautiful,but she thinks he's being a liar.
Everyone gathers around a well.
Mia, being a recovering drug addict,
pulls out a bag of powdered drugs and pours itdown the well,
vowing to be done with it for good and going cold turkey.
The group enters the cabin, where Mia complains about a smell.
We learn herethat Mia fondly remembers her mother,
but David doesn't want her to.
It also appears that theirmother was emotionally abusive toward Mia.
That evening, Mia starts screaming as sheis apparently suffering from withdrawals.
Olivia gives her a sedative but Miacontinues complaining about a rotten smell
that nobody else seems to notice.
Their dog,Grandpa, sniffs around the floor
where they find a door leading to a cellar under a rug.
The floor is smeared with blood.
David and Eric go into the cellar
and discover the stenchis coming from the rotting corpses of animals.
They also find the "Evil Book" frombefore, wrapped in wires and plastic.
The next day, Mia is wandering outside in therain.
Eric opens the cover of the book,
which is scribbled all over with warnings like "Leavethis book alone"
and "Do not fucking read this."
Naturally, Eric looks through it
and finds a pagewith some words scribbled out
and the warning to not speak, write, or hear what is in it.
He putsa piece of paper over the book and shades over it with a pencil,
revealing several words that hebegins to read.
Outside, Mia starts being sick and hears a faint voice calling her,
and then sees a figure staring at her.
She comes into the cabin andstarts grabbing her things,
saying she can't be there anymore.
Shejumps out the window and steals Eric's car,
but as she drives through the woods,
she sees thefigure again and drives the car into a swamp.
When she comes to, Mia tries to get out,
but thefigure rises from the swamp,
and she runs away, tumbling into a thorn bush.
The branches andsticks wrap themselves around her arms and legs,
and the figure, which is a bloodiedand horrifying version of herself,
regurgitates a black wormy thing withthorns
that makes its way up Mia's leg and goes right inside her.
David andOlivia hear her screaming and find her.
The group suspects she was trying to harm herself.
David goes into her room,
and she tells him thatthere is something in the room with them.
He goes outside and sees blood on the ground.
Hecalls for Grandpa and finds him in a hole beneath the tool shed.
Grandpa is whimpering.
David runsinto the tool shed and pulls him out of the hole, but he's dead.
David suspects Mia bludgeoned himto death with a hammer
that was lying nearby.
He runs back into the cabin
and tries toget to Mia, but she's taking a shower.
She turns the water up to thepoint
where it becomes scalding hot and her flesh starts burning.
The group pulls her out in time.
Eric looks at an open page in the book
and noticesa picture of a being with burning flesh.
David takes Mia in his Jeep
and drives herto a hospital as she's foaming at the mouth.
Unfortunately, the roads areflooded, and he has to turn back.
Olivia gives Mia another sedative.
While the groupargues about her,
she comes into the living room dragging a rifle.
She holds it up, and fires nearDavid,
and the door swings open as Mia lets out a frightening scream.
She says in a possessedvoice "You are all going to die tonight."
Olivia tries to get the rifle away from her,
but Mia tackles her as her eyes turn yellow and she spits blood all over her.
Olivia kicks her into the cellar, and Eric closes it.
He suspects this has to dowith the stuff they found down in the cellar.
Olivia tries to clean theblood and throw up off herself,
but she sees an image of herselfmutilated in the mirror, which shatters.
She walks away but then freezes, and her eyestwitch as she wets herself.
Next to her is the book, open to a page with a person holdinga knife
and their severed face flesh.
Eric goes into the bathroom to find Olivia,
whois cutting the flesh from her cheek with the broken glass.
Horrified, he stumbles backwardand slips on the cheek flesh.
Olivia stabs him with the broken glass and then in the face withthe needle.
Eric throws her off and breaks off a piece of the toilet,
which he uses to bludgeon herto death, just as David and Natalie come in.
David tries to patch up Eric's wounds.
He tellsNatalie to bring a jug of water and sugar.
Eric tells her to stay away from Mia.
He tellsDavid that it's his fault this is happening
because he read from the book.
Natalie goes to the living room and finds that the cellar door is open.
Mia isstill down there, crying and asking for help.
As Natalie tries to go down and get her,
Mia'svoice becomes low and demonic and threatening,
saying "He won't stop until he has all of you!"
Natalie tries to run but Mia grabs her and bites into her hand.
She tries to defend herself witha box cutter
but Mia takes it from her and slices her tongue down the middle.
She grabs Natalieand kisses her, forcing blood into her mouth.
David finds them and pulls Natalie out.
They nailthe cellar door shut, locking Mia down there.
David finds Eric trying to burn the book,but it doesn't work.
He tells David about what he knows from the book,
an evil entityhas been unleashed, and it's attached to Mia's soul.
It seeks a collection of souls tounleash something called the Abomination.
Meanwhile, Natalie tends to the bite wound onher hand.
It starts to burn into her arm and she notices an electric knife and reaches forit.
Mia peeks from the cellar and tells her not to cut it off,
but Natalie slices into her arm.
David and Eric find her as her arm falls off.
Eric tells David there are three ways to put anend to this.
Bury Mia alive, dismember her, or burn her alive.
David refuses to do any of that,and Eric calls him a coward.
Suddenly, a noise is heard, and Natalie comes in,
now possessed, withnails in her head.
She's holding a nail gun and shoots at Eric, who gets a few nails in him.
Davidtries to get the rifle, but Natalie starts hitting him with a crowbar.
Eric shoots her with the nailgun,
and she goes to start bludgeoning him with the crowbar.
Before she can deliver the fatalblow, David blows her hand off with the rifle.
Natalie appears to revert back to normal,
complaining about the pain before she dies.
David finally decides to burnthe cabin with Mia still inside.
He pours gasoline on the floor, but before hecan drop the lighter,
Mia, in her normal voice, starts singing a lullaby
that their motherused to sing, and David cannot do it.
Outside, a bolt of lightning strikes a tree, settingit on fire.
He hatches another plan.
He grabs two syringes, among other things,and starts to dig up a hole outside.
He heads into the cellar.
He finds Mia,who slashes at him with the box cutter and throws him around.
She tries to drown him,but Eric steps in and hits Mia.
He's also been stuck with the box cutter in his stomach.
David goes to him, and Eric finally dies.
David takes Mia outside with a bag over herhead and starts to bury her.
She talks to him in her normal voice
and pleads with him, buthe won't buy it.
She starts telling him about their mother and more of her abusiveness.
Theirmother kept asking for David, who was never there,
and how Mia would have to keep telling herhe's coming back.
He completely buries her,
and then waits a while as the rain stops and thefire on the tree goes out.
David digs Mia back up and pulls her out.
He grabs a car battery with thesyringes attached to it
and sticks them in Mia's chest, trying to revive her.
She doesn't comeback.
He covers her body and walks away tearfully.
However, Mia rises and talks to David.
She iscompletely back to normal, and they hug.
The two go back into the cabin to get the keysto David's Jeep,
but a possessed Eric is behind him and he stabs David in the neck.
Davidgoes into the hallway and gets Mia outside and locks her out.
He grabs the rifleand shoots at the gasoline container,
letting it consume the cabin in flamesand killing himself and Eric for good.
Outside, it starts raining blood.
A hand burstsfrom the ground and grabs at Mia.
It's the Abomination.
It chases after Mia, who grabs achainsaw from the tool shed and tries to run.
She hides under the Jeep
and manages to slice offthe Abomination's legs, crippling it.
As she tries to run, though, the Abomination tips the Jeep over
and it falls on Mia's arm.
She pulls herself free, severing her arm.
The Abomination inches towardMia,
but she sticks her arm into the handle of the chainsaw and kills the Abomination.
Its corpse sinks back into the ground.
The bloody rain stops, and the sun comes out.
Miawalks away, now free from the curse, but alone.
Meanwhile, the book liesoutside the burning cabin,
closing itself and waitingfor its next victims.
Thanks for watching.
See youin another Movie Recap.
Please LIKE and SUBSCRIBE,
and click thebell icon to get new video updates.
Have a nice day !